feat(ts): solana native transfer, spl transfer (#385)
coinbase/agentkit: typescript/agentkit/src/action-providers/spl/README.md

# SPL Action Provider

> This directory contains the SPL action provider implementation, which provides SPL token transfer functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains the SPL action provider implementation, which provides actions to interact with SPL Token programs.
```

please also hyperlink to the Solana official SPL Token docs https://spl.solana.com/token

## Directory Structure

```
spl/
├── splActionProvider.ts    # Main provider with SPL token transfer functionality

> ├── schemas.ts              # SPL token transfer schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
├── schemas.ts              # SPL token action schemas
```

├── index.ts                # Main exports
└── README.md
```

## Actions

### SPL Actions
- `transfer`: Transfer SPL tokens from the connected wallet to another address
  - Handles automatic creation of Associated Token Accounts (ATAs) for recipients
  - Validates token balances before transfer

>   - Returns transaction hash and confirmation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Returns transaction signature
```
